---
author: gaurav8936
date: '2024-09-17 23:25:17'
title: My Seventh Blog
---

John Mearsheimer and Jeffrey Sachs | All-In Summit 2024

All-In Podcast

629K subscribers
<__slot-el>



<__slot-el>

Subscribed




 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 

 
K
 




Share



 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 

 
,
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 

 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 views  
Sep 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
 
,   
#allin #tech #news
(0:00) Sacks intros John Mearsheimer and Jeffrey Sachs
(1:10) What is the Deep State Party, and what are their goals?
(13:35) Should America leverage its power against dictators? …
...more



3,452 Comments

Sort by

Add a comment...

@pugetsoundfarmer
23 hours ago
No matter who you vote for, you get Victoria Nuland. Horrifying.


1.6K


Reply




57 replies


@Youtubeaccount_818
19 hours ago
Sacks a real one for having these guys on. All of America needs to watch this


776


Reply




19 replies


@gloriacheon5952
10 hours ago
These gentlemen represent what True Americans should be.  Good hearted,  Educated, Reasonable Human beings.


88


Reply




@dgb56bgd
18 hours ago
A war with China would be a foolish waste of time, money and precious life. Having lived in China from 2005 - 2022, I know just how lovely the Chinese people are. But, they are a very proud people. A people who have survived for thousands of years, bullied, in the past several hundred years, 6 million Chinese brutally murdered by Japan, the opium wars from UK…etc.


312


Reply




9 replies


@RachealKingCHS
22 hours ago
They agree and disagree with so much integrity. Two sensible powerhouse thinkers. Thank you for this!!!


750


Reply




16 replies


@AlRadmanesh-bk9uv
11 hours ago
Jeffrey, you’re a real peacemaker.. Thank you.. 


210


Reply




6 replies


@andysofly1
22 hours ago (edited)
This is by far the best panel on the summit. Two experts discussing facts, and no nonsense


618


Reply




6 replies


@mnet1514
13 hours ago
A long-time follower of Jeffrey Sachs and John Mearsheimer here. I've leaned more and more to Sachs as my exposure and research on geopolitics and economics expanded. Mearsheimer's "containing China" stand became increasingly aligned with  the disastrous US government's policy  since Obama's "pivot to China" days. I kept asking and arguing, WHY? China worked super hard to get to where they are now. They elevated over 800 MILLION of their citizens out of poverty just in the past few decades. They're one of the oldest civilizations, they're smart, they're innovative, they work hard, they're entrepreneurial, they're pragmatic, they hate wars, they don't intervene with other countries' politics, they don't bomb, nuke, regime-change other countries, they have only one military base outside China (to primarily protect their interest in a critical trade route in the international waters), they've advanced their educationl system, infrastructure and status of their society, etc., etc. What business does the US have in containing this unprecedented endeavor to a betterment of a billion and half lives? China has the absolute right to become a powerful nation because they damn well worked hard for it and achieved it peacefully (unlike the West that prospered by of course hardwork but also by genocide of natives, slavery, colonization, and unimaginable  brutality). I have therefore lost interest lately on Mearsheimer's "realism" of choosing one nuclear war over the other. Sachs is always on point, reasonable, respectful to the sovereignty of the Global South countries and their leaders he works with, and truly passionate about peace and development. I'm with Sachs!Read more


174


Reply




19 replies


@srmathison7
11 hours ago
Professor Sachs is the most intelligent, rational, logical, sane person I have heard talking about American foreign policy.  If only our leaders would listen to him.


261


Reply




10 replies


@moniruzzamankhan8218
17 hours ago (edited)
Excellent Panel. My deep respect for Jeffry Sachs to have courage to speak for the Palestinians. He will be remembered as a legend provided this world survives another hundred years.


366


Reply




10 replies


@jlpowell51
21 hours ago
John describes the world we live in, Jeffrey describes the world rational people want to live in.


745


Reply




39 replies


@bigsmile715
1 hour ago
My respect for Prof. Sachs has grown tremendously after hearing him in “all in summit” talk. He stood firm for his belief under a lot of pressure in that talk, he talks with a real compassion for humanity, and while he advocates for peace, he is not naive in his thinking. And the man understands China deeply. The world needs more men like him.


8


Reply




@scepisle4970
19 hours ago
Currently visiting China.... they are ahead of us in so many ways.... the infrastructure is amazing... imagine if we invested in ourselves instead of endless foreign wars..


609


Reply




61 replies


@cemocanish
23 hours ago
You guys have stepped up on a totally different level. Well done All-In.


438





Reply




1 reply


@theinfralink6598
7 hours ago
China: am I a threat? What did I do?
Mearsheimer: your existence.


44


Reply




3 replies


@caregivergirlk
21 hours ago
A ONCE IN A LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY !  The All In with two GREAT THINKERS. Those 2 guests may be the ONLY chance for the Americans, and the rest of us in the world, to find out what the MSM is forbidden to share.  They gave a couple of clear explanations of who/what is hindering any peace initiatives.  Thankyou


305


Reply




12 replies


@neilwolff7894
18 hours ago
The world will be much better if there are more people like Prof. Jeffrey Sachs!


356


Reply




8 replies


@samchoomh8859
11 hours ago
Dr. Jeffrey Sach is right, there is something wrong Americans mindset. Playing fire.


66


Reply




@svenfeuerbother4681
19 hours ago
Jeffrey Sachs, you’re a the greatest,  wisest mind at all. Thank you for standing up for peace all over the world.


360


Reply




7 replies


@mevech
23 hours ago
Please invite them to the all in podcast and get more time and deeper dive!


326


Reply

